Update using-nexus-with-sbt.md (#54)
travelaudience/kubernetes-nexus: docs/usage/using-nexus-with-sbt.md

}
```

> For sbt 1.x one should disable gigahorse setting because of a (issue)[https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/3570] with GCloud hosting Nexus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sbt 1.x one should disable gigahorse setting because of [this issue](https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/3570) with GCloud hosting Nexus
```

> For sbt 1.x one should disable gigahorse setting because of [this issue](https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/3570) with GCloud hosting Nexus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sbt version > 1.0 , one should disable gigahorse setting because of [this issue](https://github.com/sbt/sbt/issues/3570) with GCloud hosting Nexus
```
